definitely sushi thai with waffles my
pretty face you know Justin Justin is
eating chicken I can't see my mug in
movies Brooklyn sushi reason I wasn't
able to use chopsticks oh yeah no wait
to dance never come with us yeah oh no
II don't comply with us hear appeals did
you like my mr. earlier than ever for an
alleged slow mother we don't carry no
folk here comes your own place my boy no
talk soon enough
really 10 I don't know aight just my
soft Russell shrimp
yakitori I mean you're gonna take a
software yeah do you David Bowie oh my
god you're an idiot in that last video
you're like still do we watch this yeah
just you Irving misalignment
I love I was laughing like a minute
straight and I heard that there's like
Vlad flat side you have to watch my new
one this look like four in the morning
and he's like why what is it ugly just
watch it just watch it just watch it
you'll like it just wait till the ending
oh man that's like fine I'll see you up
for it music four in the morning i had
to wake up like a key tonight no no you
like seven the next day and look home
woke up this man i'm so pissed off why
why is med sci stuff thanks to your
crater I guess even more bad oh my god
just we're sack you have had my
review I hope you get banned I was like
I hope it's a you're good yeah well I
was doing so well last night I like 30
and 0 and then I woke up finish the
night air
don't say it it's on YouTube man secret
doorbell delete no good players missing
after this is just sooo slow his bedroom
science gave up recovery still each
other day he's do it finally got the
pickled radish right tough too I've
never worked out before so not after
three tries they're sort of strong yeah
well I'm holding chopsticks in business
oh yeah wait so are you right do me
right with left hand or like irony okay
my teeth what's called
just like me I'm each ears right man but
I feel like this all right the left one
like this carved with my left hand
carbon is wish i can write that snakes
brain hmm just the way dog food tastes
delicious
drove on perfect at all yes wait till it
back I need 2 teaspoons for each of my
fine for my water anything quick with
our candy 10 9 that's like
Oh stocked up eight do that one
now there's nine not don't ask now
man loved his ice cream